>> Hello, everybody.
Thank you for the warm welcome.
This is a first and
thank you for being
here for that as well.
There are lots of things
that we'll be getting into.
And in order to try
and keep it flowing,
I may move fast on
some of the information
about some of the history.
I think that the issue that
we're going to be facing
is how do we cram
it all into an hour.
And then I hope
to have 30 minutes
at the end for some Q&A.
All right, so let's get--
I am Jason Rice.
I am an SSP officer veteran
as well as a US Army
Corps of Engineers veteran.
I am an engineer.
The talk today is related to my
own experiences with the SSP.
One of the things
to keep in mind
is that there are
many SSP programs.
There's not one.
There are probably dozens.
And if you think
about it, somebody
may be working on a
component for a spacecraft
or advanced technology
and they have
no idea what they're doing,
except that they're just
piecing this part together.
They are a member of the
SSP, but they don't know it.
So there are lots of pieces
and parts to the SSP puzzle.
And my discussion today is
only about my own experiences
within the SSP, within
the IDARF program.
Because of the extreme
compartmentalization,
there is a lot of information
that people in one program
aren't going to
know about another.
Even those at the very
top of the rank structure
are not going to know
about other SSP programs.
And we'll get into
that in a few minutes,
why they designed
the system like that
and why they designed
the programs like that.
And I think only disclosure,
when it happens, not if,
when, because it
will, when it happens,
I think we'll find
out a lot more
about the various programs.
Now if you're looking at
the screen here, you see--
what is this wheel?
I don't know if you've
seen this before.
This shows the Bilderberg Group,
how many people are involved
in it, their interconnections.
And this gets back to
the Cabal, their control
of every aspect of our
lives, from the media,
to education, to
national defense.
This is a compartmentalization.
The people that work for
these, the people that
operate in this world,
are not entirely
aware of the other
aspects of the SSP
that they may be involved with.
So some of the
things that we can
expect to have happen as
disclosure happens, is that--
the only suggestion
I can make is
that expect anything and
everything, from one end
of the spectrum to the other.
Because there will be momentous
joyful disclosure technologies
that we'll find out
about, but there will also
be some very tough truths that
we will have to work through.
One of the things
that I'd like to ask
is, is there anyone in here
that likes being lied to?
Nobody.
I didn't think so.
I know I don't.
Well, as disclosure
happens, one of the things
that people are going to have
to deal with are the lies.
Individually, we're
going to go through,
as well as civilization, as
well as the entire planet, what
is referred to as the
five stages of grief.
You've got the
denial, anger, that
was one for me, bargaining,
depression, and acceptance.
The list of offenses,
there's going to be lies.
There's going to be cheating
you'll find out about,
stealing, murder, greed, pretty
much every form of bad actions
are some of the things
that we'll find out.
Now, they've been
perpetrated on our mothers,
on our fathers, brothers, and
sisters, sons, and daughters.
And these things go
back 80-plus years.
As far as the plan,
these guys, to get us
all under one world government.
And despotic control means that
nobody can argue with them.
So that was the plan.
Elected officials, unelected
officials, they're involved.
There's people in corporations
that are involved.
There's people in every
level of government.
Now one of the things that
I'm sure you're going to say
is, well, gosh, I'm awake.
I've got my eyes open,
and throw it at me,
come on, give me all the truth.
The only thing that
I would say to that
is that to be careful
what you ask for.
Because while we may be able
to handle all the truths, how
about your neighbors, or your
family, or your co-workers?
And the same thing about
toxins, and getting
used to it, from a standpoint
of the global consciousness,
how are you going to
react to your family,
or friends, or neighbors that
are going through those five
stages of grief?
How is it going to affect us?
Because we're caring,
we're compassionate,
we want to help people.
So naturally it is
going to affect us.
We're not machines.
We're not cold.
We're not going to just sit
idly by why our loved ones are
crying over the fact
that they've been
lied to for their entire life.
OK, so what is the
Secret Space Program?
Again, as I mentioned a few
minutes ago, one of them
is the IDARF, the Interplanetary
Defense And Reaction Forces.
So where did that come from?
Well, in order to
get there, we're
going to have to go back
in time a little bit
and talk about some
of the history,
going back to the 1930s.
And how did we get from this
to this, advanced technologies,
or to that?
How did we get there?
We went from almost
seemingly overnight
from advanced
anti-gravitic technologies
and a wide range of other
technologies, medical, science,
physics.
So let's get into the
history, how we got there.
1930's Germany, the Germans
prior to World War II,
were very interested in
esoteric mysticism as well as
a wide range of
alternative views
on life, and connections,
and energies.
They scoured the entire planet
looking for further clues
and more information.
Now in 1936-37 is when
they began their contacts
and communications
with the Draco.
Well, who are the Draco?
Well, they are an
alien race that
is reptilian based that are not
very nice, to put it mildly.
These are negative ETs.
They are definitely
service, self oriented.
So shortly after their first
contacts with the Draco,
the Germans decided,
OK, well, they're
saying that there's some
technology down in Antarctica.
So we should go down there.
So in 1938-39, they had
an expedition down there.
The SS Neuschwabenland
was the ship.
And they carved out
a particular area.
And I think you'll see that the
area they carved out is in--
does this have a laser?
No, OK.
It's in the Queens Land, Queen
Maud Land area on the map
there.
And on the right
hand side, you'll
see those orange pieces
are actually mountains.
So the entire boundary
from a defensive,
from a military standpoint,
is essentially an offset.
It gives them some property, and
protection, and some defense,
and depth from the
mountains, where
they ended up putting
Base 211, the first one.
So let's go through the
timeline a little bit.
They departed Antarctica
in February 1939
and made it back to Germany
a couple months later,
April time frame.
And guess what else happened,
just a few short months later.
Well, that's exactly
right, they invaded Poland,
in September, five--
four or five months later.
Now I don't know about
you, but I don't believe
in those kinds of coincidences.
So they must have seen
something, found something,
right?
Well, they were
told what was there.
And they confirmed it.
And then once they confirmed
it, that furthered their plans
for world domination.
And so 1940s, let's go
through a little bit,
they started building out
and stocking their base
in Antarctica, so
that they would
be able to contain, feed, house
upwards of 300,000 people.
There were thousands
involved with it.
Most of them were
native Germans,
so that they could keep the
information compartmentalized.
Again, there's that word.
They were able to use
the geothermal properties
underneath the mountains for
their power source initially.
Later on, they developed
alternative advanced
technologies so
they wouldn't have
to rely solely on geothermal.
But it was there.
And they already had some
advanced civilization
that had been abandoned,
that they were told
to go investigate by Draco.
Draco wanted that technology.
So around 1940, the Germans
make their first visit
to the moon in the Haunebu
I. And the same time period
back on Earth was the period
when the German Navy had
commissioned some auxiliary
cruisers, which basically
are converted civilian ships.
One of them was named Penguin.
And the other one, surprisingly
enough, was named Atlantis.
Again, another
interesting convenience.
It's not a touch screen.
All right.
So during that time in the
war, the Cabal was in charge
and had resources in which
they had loaned Germany money.
Germany was paying
back the loans.
They had financed them through
their rebuilding efforts
in the '30s, as
well as financing
their military expeditions
of the early '40s.
What happened is that Germany
decided that, hey, you know,
we really don't need
this central bank.
We're going to instead start
bartering with other countries
so that we don't have to use
a fiat centralized currency.
Well this of course
upset the central banks.
And the central bankers decided
to get other people involved.
And walla-- the world is at war.
In 1941, the US
declares war on Germany.
Now this same time frame
was when they were working
on building up their base.
And so the U Boat activity
after 1941, they were able to--
well, their two
auxiliary cruisers
had been sunk by that time.
But they had enough
U Boats in which they
didn't need any surface ships.
So they were using
the subsurface ships
for transportation to
and from their base.
They had advanced
technologies on their U Boats
so that they didn't
have to surface.
They were also some of that
first stealth technology
that had ever been released.
Oh, that doesn't look good.
All right, we'll
work through that.
In 1944, Germans
returned to the moon.
And they're scouting for
a base at this point.
Now they also visit Mars for
scouting purposes as well.
In 1945 through '48, the Germans
start infiltrating the allies.
And their purpose was
to get people in place.
And they started off with
getting people in the military,
getting people enlisted, getting
people involved in politics, so
that they could get
them deeply embedded
into the Allies' governments.
The public portions that
have been advertised
are Operation Paperclip.
In 1946-47 was when the
Antarctic Germans, the AG,
started negotiations
for a moon base.
Because they found out that
the property on the moon is
occupied by other
alternate alien races.
And so they had to negotiate
with someone to get a base,
to get property, to get a lease.
The Draco had done
their homework
and had assured that nobody else
would deal with the Germans.
So the Germans were forced
to work with the Draco.
So 1947 was when the Antarctic
Germans enacted their lunar
base.
Now what did the Draco want in
exchange for 20 acres of lunar
landscape?
And I tell you, 20 acres
is really not that big.
There's not much you
can do with 20 acres,
except for building down, which
is what they eventually did.
The Draco wanted 225 humans and
25 years worth of first refusal
rights on the technology.
That's what they wanted.
At first they
wanted all females.
And the Germans knew
that in order for them
to have a successful
civilization,
they needed as many females
for propagation purposes
as they could.
So they didn't even bother
with answering that.
Came back later, six months
it took them to finally reach
an agreement.
They came up with
still the 225 citizens
and 25 years of technology
first refusal rights.
Now to give you an idea
of the kind of negativity
that these Draco
are, when they landed
to come collect
their prisoners, they
used technology to freeze
people, to lock them in place.
And they also used memory
alteration technology
that was feeding everybody
in that cave images
of mutilations, images of every
type of atrocity imaginable.
And the people couldn't
do anything about it.
Why did they do that?
Because they thought
it was funny.
It was their own sense of humor.
Something that is sick
by any normal standards.
Two guards escaped because
they were outside the--
they were outside
the freeze field,
for lack of a better
way of putting it,
the mobilization field.
They were able to
make it to the exit.
And that was how
the security forces
were able to discover what
had happened, and the images
that they were sent, the things
that they were experiencing
while they were in that chamber.
After that, the 278
losses, because eventually
those two guards suicided,
five years later,
and they vowed that
they would never
use their own people again.
So who would they use?
The rest of the planet.
So between the years
of 1947 and 1952,
the Antarctic Germans
lost about 1,000 people
on building out their moon base.
Some of them had to do with
building the enclosures
so that they would seal.
Some of it had to do
with sensor technology,
because in order to
operate in a vacuum
you need to have remote
sensors and they were still
working on that technology.
Again you got to think that
the Antarctic Germans had
a mixture of extremely
advanced technology and 1940s
technology.
Now they were on an
incredible learning curve
because their lives
depended on it.
But that was what they
were working with.
Now there's a lot of things
that happened in 1947.
In February-- well,
starting in November of '46,
the US government had sent
a flotilla of Naval ships
down to Antarctica to
test Antarctic operations.
Now given the amount of time
between the end of World War
II and the fact that they
had close to 5,000 people
down there, I don't buy that.
The information that I've
gotten while I was in the SSP
also didn't support that.
So February, Operation
High Jump ends
and they sail back to the United
States, returning to Washington
in April.
President Truman issues
his executive order
in March, in which the loyalty
of all federal employees
would be evaluated by the FBI.
This is when that started, for
all federal employees having
to go through background
checks to test their evaluation
for their loyalties.
Now at the time, McCarthyism
was running really hot.
So they blamed it
on the communists.
But what was actually
happening is that the Antarctic
German infiltrators, that's
what they were really after.
Now later that year, guess
what happened in July.
Here's one that
everybody should know,
the Roswell event, that's right.
Now do you find
it highly suspect
that the same month that
the Roswell event happened
is also when the National
Security Council and the CIA
were created?
The same month.
Now the CIA took over
from the Operation
of State Security, OSS, which
was handled by the military.
After the president
enacted the CIA,
it was now handled by
civilians, which meant
that the military was out.
They washed their hands of it.
That's right, they were able
to get the civilians in there
so the civilians
could then control.
September of later
that year, Majestic 12
was created, again for
dealing with alien politics
or alien recovered
craft or technologies.
Now when Admiral
Byrd left Antarctica,
he took a message with him.
Now there are alleged reports
that he made a statement
to a newspaper about the threat
and about an enemy capable
of incredible feats.
Well, the other message
that he took with him
was from the Antarctic Germans,
in which they were requiring
a meeting so that
they could negotiate
a truce, a cease fire.
Well, the Antarctic
Germans needed
to have some time so that they
could build up their defenses.
That's what they wanted to do.
They had a fleet of
anti-gravitic craft.
But it wasn't enough to take
on an entire globe of people
or allies that would have
been aligned against them.
So they wanted some time
to build up their forces.
And they also knew
that the Allies
had nothing that could
compare to their technologies.
So December,
Operation Windmill was
published as a-- we're
going to make our base down
in Antarctica, which
in actually what it was
was part of the negotiations
between the Antarctic Germans
and the rest of the planet.
Guess what happened in the next
year, Operation Mockingbird
had its starts.
So these all go back to
a very busy 1947, 1948.
Now Frank Wisner was
a member of the CIA
and was put in
charge of propaganda
and the controlling
of the media.
After what happened
with Roswell,
they did not want to go through
another incident like that.
So they decided that they
would take it on head first.
Well how do you do that?
Well, you pay a
bunch of people that
are employees of mainstream
media to do what, and when,
and how, and whatever
you need them to say,
Operation Mockingbird.
Now in 1972, it came out, oh,
my gosh, that's 25 years later.
Well, do you really
think that it stopped
just because they went public?
No, it did not.
So in February,
Operation Windmill 2
was finished up, in which
the Antarctic Germans reached
a ceasefire with the Cabal.
Now they had expected a
formal treaty to follow.
And so what they wanted was,
again, to buy some more time.
So that was what
happened in 1948.
The ceasefire agreement
established the Antarctic
Germans as a sovereign nation.
Their existence was
to be kept secret.
The reasons for that have to
do with the Antarctic Germans
were threatening to go public
with advanced technologies
and the Cabal did not want
that to happen because they
wanted to maintain control.
The other thing that the Cabal
had going for it at the time
was that if the Antarctic
Germans had gone public
there is a very
strong possibility
that the rest of the globe,
the personnel, the citizens
would have said, you know
what, even if it means
nuclear annihilation for us all,
let's get rid of those Nazis
once and for all.
So they kept it secret.
Because the politicians knew
that they may not have a choice
if it went public.
It would be out
of their control,
from the citizens of the planet.
They establish their embassies.
They have at least
one senior executive
and thousands of corporations.
Now what kind of corporations?
Now we're talking about
Ivy League schools.
We're talking about
engineering research schools.
We're talking about defense
contractors, agriculture,
medical, research hospitals,
banks, everything imaginable.
They had at least
one senior executive,
because again they had 300,000
people to do something with.
And their plan was to infiltrate
the rest of the planet
so that they would have
their own people in place.
One of the consolations that
they provided to the Cabal
was that they gave them base
theories, not technology,
but base theories.
So they had to do
their own homework.
Now having their
own people in place
meant that essentially
they were giving themselves
advanced theories.
So no harm, no foul,
because they're just
giving it to themselves.
Well their own people,
being executives
in these companies, the
process of advancement,
well, you've got somebody
who has a leg up already,
because they've got advanced
technology knowledge.
And suddenly, they are on
a fast track to the CEO,
or senior executive, or any
number of other positions.
Now 1948 through 1954, the
Cabal was stalling for time
because they knew that they
could not stand toe to toe
with the Antarctic Germans.
The technology level of
the Antarctic Germans
was far beyond anything
that they could handle.
I mean, they tried with
a Naval task force.
And the Naval task
force was sent packing.
So 1949, the USSR fires
their first nuclear bomb.
Now there's evidence that shows
that the US gave the Soviet
Union the plans.
Now my thinking
is that they were
trying to spread out more
information so that they could
keep the Antarctic
Germans in check
and get more people that
are standing up against you.
Then you have a better
chance of coming out ahead.
The Chinese communists
take control that year.
1950, the Korean War starts.
Hey, we can't go to the treaty
because we're fighting a war.
Please, give us a break.
1950 and 1954,
McCarthy's Red scare.
Again, the US
government was searching
for the moles and the spies
from the Antarctic Germans.
Now one of the things that
they provided as a good faith,
at least that's
what they called,
the Cabal provided the
London debt agreement,
in which all of Germany's--
now conventional Germany,
not Antarctic Germany--
the Antarctic Germans still
had a connection and a love
for their homeland.
So the Cabal took
advantage of that and said,
OK, look, give us
some more time and we
will forgive all the war debt
before and after World War II.
So this goes back
to World War I.
Now we think that
the United States
debt of what-- $22 trillion, is
high, how about 1,000 trillion
that they forgave in
equivalent modern dollars.
$1,000 trillion, free
and clear, that's
what they gave to Germany.
Now during this time,
the Antarctic Germans
were working on their moon base.
Again, they lost
about 1,000 people.
They had also started working
on their Mars base, New Berlin.
And the problem with
New Berlin is that--
well, their goals
for New Berlin was
that they had to
invade the space
and take it over from
another alien race.
Now they lost about 17,000
soldiers during that campaign.
Now it may not sound like
a lot, and one is too many,
but if you add up all the
Allies' losses during World War
II, this is what that accounts
for from a perspective
of their total population.
Now it also meant that it was
some of the most physically
fit, some of the most active.
These are the people
that they lost.
And so they knew
that they needed
to fix their personnel problem.
And one way to do that
was to acquire more people
for some of the
jobs and positions
that their people couldn't
fill or didn't want to fill.
So they stepped up their
pressure on the Cabal.
UFO sightings
blossomed, exploded
during that time frame.
There were military pilots
that gave testimony about a UFO
craft that would shadow them,
that the pilot would given them
the finger and then fly off.
And that the pilot
looked humanoid.
There were mass
sightings over DC.
There were mass sightings
over New York City.
I believe that was an
Andromeda class, the one over
in New York City.
And we'll see that
in just a second.
There we go.
That was in 1950.
Now the final straw that
the Antarctic Germans used
to bring the Cabal
to the table was they
did a nuclear demonstration
strike on a heavy cruiser,
coincidentally on its way
back from Bikini Atoll
during the US' nuclear testing.
The Antarctic Germans
exploded a nuclear weapon
close enough to affect the
heavy cruiser from the EMP.
Now it wasn't close enough
that it burned it up.
It didn't do it that.
They just wanted to disable it.
They wanted to get the
United States' attention.
Now, of course they did.
Because it took them 12 hours
to get the ship moving again.
And then they limped
back to Hawaii.
But the Antarctic
Germans took it a step
further because they knew
that the US government would
probably say, hey,
you know, there's
a chance that those
Navy personnel were
too close to Bikini
Atoll and that that
was the explosion that
knocked out the power, and all
the electronics, and electrical
systems on the heavy cruiser.
The Antarctic Germans
weren't taking any risk.
So they had filmed
the entire operation
and sent boxes of these films
to pretty much every leader
in the world.
So that there was no
question that number one,
they had nukes.
They were willing to use them.
And their request
was they wanted
to meet to come up with
a formalized treaty.
Well, that pretty much did it.
So as we mentioned
a minute ago, the AG
finish up their Mars
military campaigns in 1954.
That was also the same
year that they developed
their memory wipe technology.
So '55 through '59 was when the
Antarctic Treaty negotiations
began.
Now Antarctica, I imagine
that everybody here
has read or heard some
things about Antarctica.
I mean, it's about the
size of the United States.
It has every natural resource,
from oil, and coal, to uranium,
to gold, and silver.
Now has there been
another spot on the planet
that corporations wouldn't
go into to drill for oil?
Think about the
depths that they would
go to in the ocean, or the
fracking, or the lengths
that they will go to.
Well, why didn't they
do it in Antarctica?
It's got all these resources.
Well, it's because of
the Antarctic Treaty.
There were two components
to the Antarctic Treaty.
There was a public
version and then
there was a classified version.
Operation Deep Freeze 1
and 2 was the operation
in which the Cabal had
built and established
their base in Antarctica.
And it also allowed for them
to go through the negotiations
with the Antarctic Germans.
This time was also when the
Antarctic Germans continued
their political espionage,
because they wanted
to infiltrate every country,
not just one, but every country,
every major corporation,
every major organization
on the planet.
That was how they were
going to run their things,
and that's how they were able
to gain control over technology.
So 1959 was the year that the
Antarctic Treaty was enacted.
Now, what did the Antarctic
Treaty, the classified portion,
what did it do?
Well, it granted the Antarctic
Germans about 150,000 personnel
from the rest of the world.
Now what does that mean?
They were going to pick
them up from a place
and time of their choosing.
They had assured the rest
of the leaders of the world
that they would pay them,
and take care of them,
and feed, and house
them, and give them
fair medical treatment, and
anything that they needed,
give them the opportunity
to become German citizens
if they so chose at
the end of five years.
If they didn't, oh, well, OK,
they would send them back home.
That didn't happen.
No surprise.
Also, as part of the
Antarctic Treaty,
is that they had at
least one Antarctic
German on the governing
board of directors.
So not only do they have senior
executives, at least one,
the larger corporations
had five to 10,
but they've got now
their own people
on the board of
directors on thousands
of world corporations,
universities, medical research
facilities, banks, financial
institutions, you name it.
The other portion
of their plan was
to have at least one executive,
one of their citizens
on the executive branch
of every government
on the planet, at least one.
The United States had multiple
civilians from the Antarctic
Germans within the government.
Now again, their society
was to remain classified.
They didn't want it coming
out because they didn't
want the world
ganging up on them,
and the Cabal would lose
their power and control
if that happened.
So it was a win-win
for both of them.
The AG stopped and
ceased their overflights
and their shadowing of both
civilian and military aircraft.
Through the '60s, the Cabal
and the Antarctic Germans
continued their
cat and mouse game.
The Western-- the United States
effort to put a man on the moon
was an opportunity for siphoning
off millions of dollars
to invest it into
black projects.
They used the Antarctic Germans,
their embedded citizens,
to great effect.
Because if they had a technology
that turned out-- wow,
this has a lot of
promise, this may
be something that
would actually work
in a military or
civilian field, well
they used their citizens,
both in the government
and in the corporations, to
either close the project down
publicly and take it black,
or to transfer it completely.
So that's why you end up
seeing, looking through
the records in a Google
search, a lot of technologies
that just, poof,
disappeared during the '60s.
Well, this is why.
The AG and the
Cabal both continue
to work on their mind
control programs.
And this includes technology,
as well as pharmaceuticals
during the '60s.
Now keep in mind that the
World War II Germans, the Third
Reich, had pioneered a lot of
things, and included among them
were mind control.
And so the scientists, and
engineers, and doctors,
and technicians that were
part of the Antarctic German
society, they had and continued
their mind control programs.
Well, the Cabal wasn't
going to be turned out.
So they started their own,
which we can see and hear
about now, some of
the disclosure that's
coming about relating to
the use of LSD on prisoners,
and they're trying and
attempts to do mind control.
Well, that's just scraping
the very surface of it.
When disclosure
happens again, we'll
find out the full depth of how
deep this particular rabbit
hole goes.
Now the 1960s is
also when AG built
their new base, New Wuerzburg,
that was their second city.
They also were building out
their first carrier task group,
that picture I
showed you earlier
of the cigar-shaped ship,
that's one of their carriers.
The AG also expanded further
into the solar system,
including a series--
the moons around Saturn, the
Kuiper Belt, the Oort cloud.
There's so many resources
out there that all it takes
is setting up a
base and operations.
And then you can go and
find your own small planet
that has whatever you need.
So that's what they were doing.
This is also the time frame that
they had obtained the Jump Gate
technologies.
During this time frame was when
the five-year loaner program
had ended.
Now they were supposed
to return these people.
Now they weren't
kidnapped, per se.
But what happened is, that they
would return them, and then
re-abduct them, or they would
write false death reports.
So they ended up keeping
about 90% of the people
that they had acquired
from that deal.
This is also the frame in
which the Cabal had learned
more about some of
the threats to Earth
from certain alien sectors.
Any advanced dimensional,
scalar, time, advanced physics,
those were the projects
that were buried.
So let's get into the '70s.
The Cabal are continuing to
buy as much time as they can,
because still they know that
number one, they're infiltrated
and there's not much
they can do about it.
They tried to do something
with the McCarthy era,
but that didn't really
work out so well.
Incidentally, Senator
McCarthy died three years
after stopping the Red Scare,
At Bethesda Medical Center,
the same place that the former
Secretary of Defense died.
>> Forestall.
>> Yes, forestall, that's right.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> If you get sick, don't
ever go to the Bethesda.
No, I'm just kidding.
It apparently is a
great hospital, but--
>> If you survive the fall.
>> Yeah, if you
survive the fall.
The 1970s are when
the Cabal learned
that the Antarctic Germans
had memory wipe technology.
Before then, they
hadn't known about it.
So the mind wipe technology
was really on par
with the Manhattan Project.
Because it allowed a
government to operate in 100%
certainty that the
information that
was going out with their
personnel was locked down.
So they were able to keep
people from remembering things.
So they had nothing to tell.
You've got nothing to tell,
you're not a security risk.
And the Cabal really
wanted that technology.
So it took them a few years,
but eventually, in 1979, they
had a joint KGB, CIA
operation, in which they
had gotten one of
the security forces
from the Antarctic
Germans to turn.
And they acquired the
technology and made
it look like an
accident that happened
at altitude over the
Pacific, with nothing
left in an expanding
ball of white plasma.
Now they took that and
reverse engineered it.
It took them a few
years to get that done.
1972 was also the time
frame that the Draco 25-year
first refusal rights had ended.
So after that time frame,
the Antarctic Germans
were able to keep the
technologies that they had
acquired or were digging up.
They reached their targeted
self-sustaining worker
population for their
outlying colonies,
their outlying manufacturing
facilities, the locations
in the rest of the solar system.
The Antarctic Germans started
working on their own time
travel.
What they found was
that there were problems
with temporal interference.
If they messed around or
tried to monkey with timelines
in the past, what they
found strangely enough
was that when they go back
and try and change something
by altering whether someone
crossed the street here
or there, they didn't
get hit by a car.
Well, what they found was that
within a reasonable amount
of time, the person
would die anyway,
something else would happen.
Or the outcome that they
were trying to avoid
would happen anyway.
And so now they're dealing with
multiple problems in the past.
And so they stopped, thankfully.
But I found it interesting
that that was one of the things
that they discovered through
trying to manipulate with time,
was that the things
that they were
trying to prevent or happen
ended up happening anyway.
So 1980s, 1982
was when the Cabal
finished their reverse
engineering of the mind
wipe technology.
The time frame that they
had built their technology
for memory wipe was
also the same time frame
that Voyager 1
and 2 were passing
the Jupiter, Saturn area.
And one of the things that
Voyager 1 did for the Cabal was
it informed to them just how
much build-out the Antarctic
Germans had, just how much
infiltration alien races were
making into our solar system.
It scared them.
They didn't realize just how
much the Antarctic Germans
had built out.
And so they altered their
plans for world domination
to speed up the timeline.
Originally they were
thinking that they
would do it over a period
of a century or more.
Well, they shortened
the timeline
to make it happen faster.
Now the reasons and how
they did that was by--
you create a disease
and you create
the cure at the same time.
You poison the food.
You dumb down the
education system.
You keep promoting a
Fiat currency system.
You conduct false flags
so that the people
ask for more security, so
that the people are wanting
to have a security state.
So eventually, that's what
they were wanting to do,
is to get under a single,
despotic, one-world government.
Well, that was around
the same time frame
that the Antarctic
Germans, around 1986,
discovered that
their memory wipe
technology had been stolen.
And they did a few things
in response to that.
The destruction of the space
shuttle Challenger was one.
And then two months
later, the destruction
of the cooling towers at
Chernobyl was the second one.
They also moved all
of their manufacturing
and R&D off planet.
And they sent a
plain brown paper
package with a
non-operational memory
wipe technology to the
President of the United States
and to the president of
the Soviet Union, Mikhail
Gorbachev.
Both of them got a
non-operational memory
wipe device with the time, date,
and stamp from 1979 on the box.
They would have done more.
But the Antarctic Germans were
worried about the cowboy US
President Reagan doing,
and resulting to nukes.
So they left it at that,
plausible deniability.
The 1990s, the moving of
the Antarctic Germans,
of the majority of their
civilization, and their R&D,
and their manufacturing
off planet,
now changes them over
to the Mars Germans.
That's my term.
The people that I met
while deployed just
referred to
themselves as Germans.
But this is just my terminology
for keeping track of it.
So in 1990, the Mars Germans
acquired a new property
on the moon so that
they did not have
to be as close to the Draco.
Well, their lease
originally included a clause
that if they were
to get out of it,
they had to find a new tenant.
Well, where do you think
they found the new tenant at?
The Cabal, right?
So they didn't have to go far.
It was right there.
Well, what did the Cabal have
to pay for this moon lease?
Well, they ended up paying
for the moon lease with 25,000
ground troops so that the
Mars Germans could use them
for border control.
Well, what that
turned out to mean
was the conquering of planets.
So in order for the Cabal
to get their moon base,
they provided 25,000 troops.
Now, where did they come from?
Well, they came
from every country
on the planet that
has a central bank.
So 1991 was when the
Cabal and the Mars Germans
signed the cooperative
action treaty
for the Cabal takeover
of the moon base,
as well as the
creation of IDARF,
the Intergalactic Defense And
Reaction Forces, the fleet,
the SSP program that
I was involved in.
So thank you for bearing
with me through all
that to get to this point of
how we got there for IDARF.
I think we went
through that already.
The earth units were split
into two separate groups.
There was the Third Panzer
Division and the Fourth Panzer
Division.
Now the unit that
I was a part of
was the Third Panzer Division.
And we were told that
we would be helping
indigenous populations
defend their planet
from an alien aggressor that
was there to wipe them out.
Now what we didn't realize
was that the alien aggressors,
as well as our own forces,
were being controlled
and manipulated by the Draco.
They were controlling
both sides of it.
An idea on the patches for
the Third and Fourth Panzer
Division, and
everybody from Earth
had the center one
to identify them.
Now, again, as I mentioned
just a minute ago,
the propaganda that
they spread was
that IDARF was there to
help other planets fight off
invasion.
Now who wouldn't
want to do that?
Sure as service to
others, we're going
to help them defend
their home turf.
Well, if they had
told us the truth,
was that we were all operating
under the same command
structure, then they would
have had major, major mutinies.
There would have been a
lot of fighting internally.
And I think that it would have
turned out very differently.
So they did not tell the truth.
Again, more of those lies.
So my involvement in IDARF.
The first 18 months were
locked up in training.
The training
included eight months
at an underground
facility that was
referred to as the FIG, the Fort
Indiantown Gap cave structure.
Now if you can imagine something
the size of an NFL stadium
underground, with
that much open space.
Probably another
five or six stories
above that-- we weren't
allowed in that area
because they claimed
it was radioactive.
But it was at least
32 stories high.
So it's a big structure
and it's all underground.
It was essentially
a small city so
that we would have
the space in the room
to do all the training
and everything that we
needed to do.
So the first eight
months were when we
learned how to work with our--
work with our own nanite
enhancement therapies.
The next six months,
we spent on the moon,
learning about shipboard
operations, firefighting,
to where is the can at.
It takes time for
ground troops to learn
all the different
things that they
need to do in order to
get deployed from a ship
to the ground.
And then the last four
months of my training
was spent on Mars, in which we
were doing combat deployment
training.
And it was essentially
life in a suit,
life in a combat suit for
those last four months.
Here's a picture of the FIG,
an idea of just how big it was.
Around the top of
the facility there
were these steel platforms
that they used to great effect.
I remember when I
first walked in,
and I would see up
to 175 feet of rope
with the carabiner at the
end, just kind of dangling
and moving around.
It was very surreal
because it is like they
each had their own frequencies.
And so my first thought, why
do they have trapeze training?
Well, it turns out that it
was an anti-gravitic training.
And so you have to go
through the process.
And the lines were for safety.
It was essentially a small city.
It included a range.
It included hand-to-hand combat
areas, hand-to-hand training,
classrooms.
A lot of the first eight
months of our training
involved learning how to use our
nanite enhancement therapies.
And there's a technique
that is a biofeedback, where
you are able to identify
every part of your body,
and which parts, and
what feels like what.
Well, if you've got a small
cyst on one of your knuckles,
you'll know exactly
what that feels like.
That allows you to use the
nanite enhancement therapies
to great effect
for muscle control,
for being able to turn
on the night vision,
for being able to turn on
the auditory enhancements,
for being able to turn down
the need for sleep, for being
able to turn off
the need for food,
so that you don't get
the growling stomach.
So the majority of the--
I'd say the biggest piece
of our initial training
was incorporating the nanite
enhancement therapies.
Now after finishing
up the training,
we were deployed to what I'm
referring to as Planet 1.
Now I don't recall the
name of this planet.
But this was where we came up
against the werewolf hybrids.
They are eight to
nine feet tall.
And a mechanical
biological being,
they had hoses and different
mechanical parts that were
exposed through their skin.
They carried a bladed
projectile weapon with them
that was a cryogenically
operated projectile weapon.
That was-- before we
get into destruction,
I don't want to
concentrate on that.
The type of planet
that this was,
where we were
stationed at, reminds
me a lot of Holland, in that
the canals were the main method
for moving around the city.
So there were canals
everywhere in the cities
that we were deployed to.
So that gives you an idea
of what they look like.
These pictures are from Holland.
But it gives you a good
idea of what they look like,
as well as what the hybrid
werewolves looked like.
Now the planet was about
2% larger than Earth.
It had 60% landmass and
40% freshwater, two moons.
I want to get through this so
we can get to some question
and answer.
Planet 2, which is Caladus
3, is the name of the planet
that I have recalled.
That was our next deployment.
And we were there for 67 months.
Now these are the
spider-bear like hybrids.
Again, these are created beings
specifically for a purpose.
They included
anti-gravity within
their biological
mechanical makeup,
so that they were able to
change directions, alter
their line of attack on a dime.
This planet, Caladus
3, had a 32-hour day,
and it was about the
same size as Earth,
maybe 4% or 5% larger.
This landmass on
Planet 2 had about 70%
land and 30% freshwater,
again freshwater, no salt.
This one had four moons.
And the black moon
that was there,
we had named Waldo because
it was so hard to find.
So the joke was where's Waldo.
The settlements were all
below 50 degrees latitude.
And none were ever
built over 60 degrees.
The population of
about 4 billion
when we made our first landfall.
Unfortunately, that
was severely decreased.
Their civilization was at about
the start of the Industrial
Revolution equivalent
here on Earth.
So they had some
technologies, but again think
gauges, and steam, and tubes.
But nothing compared to
modern advanced technologies.
Their governments were
locally organized and run,
either a village, or town
elder, or town elders.
They did not have
large countries
under a single government.
I'm going to skip that.
The parts I'm skipping have to
do with the destruction, death,
and fighting.
The third planet that we went
to, I was there for 15 months.
This was the first
planet encountered
that had more than
just a humanoid race.
This planet also had a
cyclopean race as well as
an insectoid kind of race.
Now the cyclopean looked
just like regular humanoids,
except for the single eye.
And they were also
somewhat telepathic.
Now the insectoid race
was very telepathic in how
they communicated.
They were not
telekinetic or some
of the other psychological
or psych abilities,
but they communicated
telepathically.
The first 15 months
we were there,
again our MO was to help
the civilian government
and the civilian
population get organized,
help them build up their stores,
help them to create a defense
industry so that they could
supply their own people
with weapons that they needed.
And so our mission on
this particular planet
was challenging
beyond what we had
experienced before, because
of the presence of the two
other races.
They had already been fighting
and warring with each other
for over a century.
And so they didn't
trust each other.
And that made our
job a lot harder,
because we had to get them all
pulling in the same direction
if they were going to survive.
Well, it just so happens
that the insectoids didn't
trust any humans or humanoids.
And there were incidents
that started happening.
Because again, we were trying
to get them to get on board.
And they didn't like
some of the things
that the leadership was doing.
And they struck back.
One of the things that
they ended up striking back
was a shuttle that I happened
to be on at one time.
The medical injuries I sustained
during that shuttle crash
were too much.
And the local medical
facilities weren't enough.
So I was shipped back
to Mars for 11 months
of regeneration
therapies and recovery.
And also learning to use my
nanite enhancements again
and the new limbs
that I had been given.
When those 11 months of medical
treatment and relearning
were over, I was sent
back to Caladus 3
to help with the
rebuilding efforts.
And it gave me a
chance, an opportunity
to see what happened after
the war, what they were doing.
And the war period,
they were very
strict on the use of additional
advanced technologies.
And what that means is,
they wouldn't let us use it.
Now, I realized later
the reason for that
was because they were trying to
get the losses as high as they
could before they
started allowing
the use of advanced
technologies.
After the war, Caladus 3,
it was just the opposite,
how fast can we get to a
super advanced technology.
And they opened all the gates.
Now, this turned their
civilization upside down.
Because their religious
beliefs, and they
had their own versions, their
family structures, their town
structures, it forced
them to change the way
that they did things
from a family level
on up through the top
of their civilization.
Now surprisingly enough,
when I got back to Caladus 3,
I also learned
that there had been
a number of families
that were given charge
of certain geographical areas.
Now sounds awful familiar.
There are a number of families
here on Earth that have,
shall we say
responsibilities that they
feel that they are entitled to.
What it turned out
that was happening
through these false flags
was they were setting up
Cabal operations.
If you can imagine a--
oh, what's it called--
they were trying to
set up the planet
for a Cabal-like operation.
They didn't want to
wait 100 years or more
to reach a single
world government.
So they sped it up.
They made it go faster.
That was the reason behind
the war and all the losses.
Because these people were
willing to agree to the terms,
because the alternative
was defeat and extinction.
That was quite a
realization to come to.
And that the whole purpose
was to speed up the one world
government process by the
techniques that they used.
They didn't have
to wait 100 years.
They did it in about 10.
Now when I was there, I was able
to help them rebuild, help them
to build orbital facilities.
I recall standing on the
observation deck of one
in particular, in which it
was a large glass wall--
and when I say glass,
it's transparent
steel and which was looking
out over the planet.
And I could remember looking out
and seeing lights on the shadow
areas and seeing the rest
of the planet lit up,
and feeling like I was
standing on the edge of space.
It was unimaginable.
We completed a lot of missions
in which we were bringing
people from the
sticks, or the boonies,
or from the extremely rural
areas and helping them to make
their way into more urbanized
areas so that the governments
that had been set up,
those 12 families,
could provide a place for
them to work-- how nice--
food, and water, and shelter,
and taxes, and Fiat currency,
and all the other things
that came with it.
Now I did that for 26 months
before my next deployment,
which was returning
to be a trainer.
The policy of IDARF
is that they do not
allow any trainers, any people,
any soldiers to become trainers
unless they have served at
least one combat deployment.
And their reasoning is
actually quite simple.
It's combat Darwinism.
If you survive, then you
are eligible or can teach.
So I went back to
the 333rd training
regiment in which I was
helping to train new soldiers.
One of the questions I get is,
well, how did that work out?
What did you think about that?
Well, that was around
the time that I
had started putting pieces
together and realizing
the duplicity of
the false flags.
And so I had mixed feelings.
Because here I am helping to
train these soldiers to go out
and to do the same
things that I had done
to help defend these planets.
And I was, on one hand,
very proud of the soldiers,
and what they had
done, and overcome,
and the training that
they had accomplished,
and all of the many things
that they were able to do.
But I was not happy about
it because of the duplicity
of what was involved.
Now, if I had spoken
out, they probably
would have my mind
wiped the memory from me
so that I would continue
on as a non-troubling,
a non-problem soldier.
Now I don't recall
if that had happened.
But knowing myself,
and I think that that
is one of the challenges
that we are faced with,
is know yourself,
and knowing myself,
I wouldn't have been
able to stay quiet.
Now, one of the deals is
that in order for them
to use some of the
technologies, they
had to do everything
within their power
to return each of the soldiers
back to their departure time
and place, which meant they
couldn't space me or get
rid of inconvenient problems.
What it means is
that they would have
used a mind wipe
technology to help
erase those nagging problems.
Oh, wrong direction.
OK, at this point, I would
like to open up for questions.
I know that the
time that we had,
I really had to blast
through it quickly.
So, yes--
>> How do you prepare--
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> How do you prepare for your
brain after the mind wipe.
And had you had any after
effects from the limbs that
were regrown?
>> That's a great question.
If you didn't hear
it, the outcome
of taking care of your mind and
the changes in the limbs that
were replaced.
You know, Randy
Cramer said it nicely,
when he said it's a
20-year process of healing.
And I couldn't agree more.
And that the mental
process of going through
to healing and
clearing the traumas
is going to be individualized
for each person.
And there are thousands of
SSP experiencers of volunteers
out there that have gone
through some version of the SSP
and have had their
minds tinkered with.
Now your question
about the limbs,
I can tell you that the
restless leg, restless arm
syndrome is present in the
limbs that were replaced.
>> So this all started on Earth?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And I'm still a
little unclear as to what
the motivation is for this Cabal
to go from planet to planet
and ostensibly looking like
you're helping the people
of these various planets.
What's in it for them?
Is it a resource-based thing?
You've got to get something
tangible for Fiat money
or it's not worth the effort.
>> Sure.
>> Can you talk about
the economics and stuff--
>> Sure, that a great question.
The Cabal were not the
ones calling the shots.
It was the Draco and
their bosses, the AI,
were the ones that were
ultimately calling the shots.
They were franchising evil
is what they were doing.
And the Cabal weren't
involved with the control
over those planets.
But they had to provide soldiers
to pay for the Earth Moon base
that they had taken over.
So does that answer?
The economics of
what was involved
had to do with the AI and the
Draco wanting to gain control
over additional populations.
They were using--
>> [INAUDIBLE] to do that.
>> That's correct.
>> OK, all right, so, yeah,
all right, well, all right,
I got a few more questions.
>> OK.
>> Are you able to talk a
little bit more about some
of the technology [INAUDIBLE]
>> Sure.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> The what?
The last one?
>> The shuttle being
taken out by the--
>> OK, yes, the shuttle
being knocked out.
Medical technologies and
nanite enhancement therapies,
when I first received that
shot, it was the second day
that I was in the FIG.
The medical end processing
that I went through,
I guess I had expected
it to look like mercury
in a shot, a hypodermic needle.
Well, it was kind of cloudy.
It was very-- it just
looked like cloud liquid.
What it does is the
base level of nanites
go in because they are created
with a generic DNA structure.
So the first thing that
the nanites have to do
is they have to go in
and create a foundation
in which the
soldier's DNA is then
used to create the various
systems that the nanites need.
Now, what does that mean?
Well, they created
what appeared to be
circuitry on the outside of
the eyes that didn't affect
the vision negatively, but it
gave us the ability to zoom,
as well as night vision.
Every single gland in
the body was altered.
So that you could
control your sleep.
Again, the biofeedback that
I had mentioned earlier,
in which you're able
to isolate and control
different portions of
your body, because they
were able to, during
the learning process,
they were able to, for lack
of a better way of putting it,
make a certain area either
electrically shocked or vibrate
from the nanites, so that
you could identify it--
OK, that that's
such an such gland.
If there was no sensory organs
there, then what they would do
is they would create a
chain from the location
with no nerves, so
that you could then
have a created
pathway in which you
could identify glands, tissue.
You could focus your nanites to
a particular part on the body
so that the healing
process would speed up.
The nanite
enhancement therapies,
the way that it was
first explained to me,
and having seen it through
my own experiences,
was that it gave the soldiers
the best chances for survival.
So that hopefully, I
hope that answers your--
>> Mind wipe.
>> Sure, well we've
got five minutes left.
Yes.
>> Good evening.
You kind of touched
on this already.
I want to get your
opinion on if you're
for drip-drip disclosure
or full disclosure now.
>> Sure, you know, one of the
things about the drip-drip
disclosure is that
it's taking forever.
That's the problem with it.
Now, the other side of that is
having seen a civilization get
turned upside down
because of technology
being injected into it,
that's not something
that I would want my
brothers, and sisters,
and loved ones to go through.
Now, the disclosure plan
that's being acted out
and carried out
right now was made
by the very people that
kept it secret from us
for 80-plus years.
The same people
that kept it secret
developed this disclosure plan.
And what is it?
Well, the disclosure plan
is to release technology
that, by the way we have already
paid for through black budget
projects, to companies
and universities
so that they can release or
discover this new technology,
like transparent steel, like
a neural interface for three
separate drones, those
kinds of discoveries.
That is the
drip-drip disclosure.
What I would like to see
happen and working on
is a crowdsourced, transparent,
civilian involved transition
process.
The people that made that plan
that we're seeing right now--
OK, thank you for holding the
helm for the last 80 years,
and lying to us, and
keeping truth from us.
This is where I think that the
people need to get involved
and to develop.
And it's going to have to
cover medical, transportation,
environmental, power.
Once we reach advanced
technologies on power,
guess what, the power
industry is now obsolete.
So what are the workers,
the millions of people
that work for power
company's going to do?
Well, they get transitioned
into another job.
They have to do-- well, that's
what we need to figure out.
That's the kind of thing
that I'm working on and one
of the projects that
I'm working through.
>> Thank you.
>> Sure.
So to answer your question,
I'd like to have it quick.
But I think that we need
to get more people involved
with that process.
I don't want their plan.
I want our developed plan.
>> I was just curious about
the time that you were away,
did you make friends among
your fellow comrades in arms?
>> Sure.
>> And so, are they out now too?
>> There are about--
after they established and got
the program up and running,
there are about 5,000 a year
that transition in and out.
Now, the similarity
between the friends
that I had in the US
Army Corps of Engineers
and the friends
that I had in IDARF
was that, yes, you make friends.
As an officer, they didn't
want us to interact too much.
And that same thing
applies to the US army.
They keep a separation
between officers
and enlisted because of the need
to maintain positive control
over command structure.
But yes, I did
make some friends.
I made some people that I
didn't recall, or don't recall
and haven't run into.
I've got one person that
I knew from my deployments
that I'm not sure if
this person is awake yet.
And I believe in
free will and I'm not
going to force that on somebody.
>> And one other
quick question is,
you say that they think these
plans out and they go for 100
years out.
But the ones who are
setting up these plans
are not going to be
here in 100 years.
>> Right.
>> Or are they?
Do they just reincarnate
into the same families,
like they did the 12
families, they just kind of--
>> That's a great question.
My thoughts on that are
the medical technologies
are sufficient enough
that they can extend
the life to 150, 180 years.
So the very people
that are making those
plans at the top, the ones that
die, my suspicion is that they
are either moved off
planet so that they're
no longer within the
public realm here,
and are still alive.
Or the consciousness
transfer technology,
in which they're able to
relocate a consciousness
into a new body.
>> Hello.
I was just curious
about the timelines
that you listed for how
long you were deployed.
Is that in earth time?
As that in interplanetary time?
Or are they the same?
>> That's a good question.
The time dilation, depending
on where you're at--
let me start by saying
that time is an illusion.
And you can take a
test in which you
have a clock on the
top of a mountain.
It's going to read
different than a clock
at the base of the mountain.
If you've got enough
accuracy on that clock,
you can measure that difference.
So the side real time
that I was deployed,
would have been
close to Earth time.
So the months of deployment
would have been close to that.
Does that answer your question?
>> Yeah, thank you.
>> Sure.
>> Hi, thank you for
sharing your story.
>> Sure.
>> So you mentioned all these
planets that you were deployed
on and all these various wars.
Did you have interactions
that you can remember
with the native people?
>> Sure.
>> And could you possibly
describe some of those?
>> Sure, sure, great question.
The interactions that
we had with the natives,
we had to work very
closely with them,
because again, we were
helping to train them.
And so you think
about the mission that
is publicized of
the special forces
within the Western
militaries, they
are trainers of
indigenous populations.
Well, we had the same mission
with the indigenous populations
on these planets.
There were cases where we would
sleep out in the same area.
We were basically
embedded in their units
to serve as one combined unit.
We got to know them very well.
Similar to getting
to know somebody
that you're training
with for years
or fighting alongside for years.
We were involved with lots of--
one particular mission in
which one of the tactics
that they used was to melt
the Arctic and Antarctic ice
on those planets so that they
would raise the sea levels
to flood out coastal areas.
And this particular
cave city that we
were helping to clear out was
under threat of being flooded.
And we worked with the
city, the village elders,
essentially, to help
relocate all those people
to a high and dry place.
Incidentally, one of the
little kids ended up staying
and had to go get found
by some of our troops.
>> Were these human like people?
>> They are humanoid, yes,
looks and appearances just like
the rest of the human
population here.
They have dark hair, light hair.
The size and height were
a little bit smaller,
generally speaking.
>> Thank you.
>> Sure.
>> Hey, Jason, thanks so
much for everything you do.
So if you were to speak
with the fellow SSP
insider or experiencer,
what advice
would you give them
towards helping them maybe
recall some memories
or integrate
some of their experiences,
if they're still
at the beginning and
their awakening process?
Or would you say that's
a mistaken effort
to do that intentionally,
rather than having
them recover those memories
naturally on their own?
>> Sure, that's
a great question.
One of the things I went
through when I first
started recalling was, darn it,
I want to remember everything.
Well, again, like
I said earlier,
careful what you wish for,
careful what you proclaim.
There are some things that
I wish I hadn't remembered.
I think trust the
process, seek out answers.
The advice that I would give
to somebody is to do research.
Do spiritual research.
Do information research.
The path that I
followed for awakening
is going to be different
than everybody else.
It's an individual path.
And what I can tell you is
that the path that I followed--
for instance, I would
go online looking
for information on, I'll
just pull something random,
a name, a German name.
And I didn't know where it was.
I didn't know where to find it.
And so I would start
looking, random stuff.
Well, one of the ships
that was used as a landmark
during our training was
the SS Schwabenland.
Now allegedly, it was
sunk by the allies
after it had been filled
up with chemical weapons
somewhere in a deep, dark
place of the Atlantic.
Well, number one,
there weren't a lot
of chemical weapons in
World War II, enough
to fill a ship this size.
Number two, it's alleged sunk--
its alleged location is still
a national security secret.
Well, this ship, I saw
it when we were training.
They used it as a landmark.
When I was doing
random searches,
I found the image of that
ship and knew immediately,
that's the ship.
Now I did 1930's
cargo ship searches.
The process may take time.
But I think the advice that
I would give to somebody
is to use that time.
Don't imbalance or unbalance
the rest of your life
during the process.
The people that love you, and
that you love and care about
are going to be even more
important after a SSP
veteran starts remembering.
So the advice I would
give is continue on
with your daily activities.
Don't become unbalanced
in trying to find answers.
>> Thanks again, Jason.
>> Sure.
Thank you.
>> Hi.
Do you know if Richard
Feynman was in on the cover
up of the Challenger?
You described a different
reason for the explosion.
>> I'm not familiar
with Richard Feynman.
>> He helmed the investigation
that found it was a cold day
and the rubber gasket didn't
expand enough to stop the gas
from leaking out and exploding.
>> Gotcha.
What I can tell you
is that I worked
at Kennedy Space Center for
a period of about two years.
And at the time that
I was working there,
there were still a lot of
engineers and senior executives
that had been there in 1986
when the shuttle was lost.
And I'll tell you that the
opinion of the engineers
was that it shouldn't
have happened.
In talking to them,
the information
that I had gleaned from
conversations with these rocket
scientists was that that
shouldn't have happened.
>> Last question.
>> Sure.
>> Do you know which individuals
the Antarctic Germans had
in the executive branch,
I think you said,
of US government in '59?
>> Sure.
No, and even if I
did know, I don't
want members of
my family to start
disappearing by naming names.
>> Speaking of
which, last question,
why haven't they silenced you?
>> Well, I would say
that my coming forward,
I had kept it as quiet and--
I kept it as quiet as possible.
So when I came forward,
it came out in a big way,
as big as I could arrange,
or as big as I could manage.
Why haven't they?
Well, I'm still out
talking to people.
And if I suddenly
turned up hanging
from a red scarf on
a doorknob, people
would probably notice that.
So am I being
accredited or sanctioned
to come out with
this information?
No.
No, but I feel a need to help as
much as I can in the disclosure
process by telling the
information that I have
and my experiences.
And there are
thousands of people
that come back from
these SSP programs
and may not
understand why they've
got PTSD, or depression,
or any number
of other psychological problems.
And they find help at
the bottom of a bottle
or any number of other
non-healthy means.
So why haven't
they done anything?
I think that the
world is awakening
at an exponential rate now.
And so maybe they want more
information to come out.
Maybe the times are changing.
We can always hope.
>> Thank you.
>> Sure.
>> Hi.
>> Just a quick question I'm
trying to get clear in my mind.
It seems so confusing when you
talk about the whole timeline
and a lot of things that
were attributed to the Cabal
just seems like it was just
plain old US government.
So where is like the breakdown?
Who's who?
And you know, who's worse?
I mean that the
things allegedly done
by the German contingency
and the US, who
get the moniker the
Cabal, I can't see who--
I can't see the difference
in sort of behavior.
>> Right.
Yeah.
>> So who's who?
And was there ever
any division that
was like purely US
government not controlled
by either faction, I would say.
>> There was.
>> Thank you.
I would say that the Cabal's
plans for world domination
go back from the
research that I've
found to the American
War of Independence.
And-- OK, one minute--
how do we know who's who?
Well, this screen gives you
an idea of who is involved.
I mean there are
10 companies that
own the majority, lion's
share of media on the planet.
And so I think your
own discernment.
I think as more
truth comes out, I
think once we deliver
a transition plan,
then we have something to
say this is what we want.
Look, you can lie
to us as much as you
want about not having this
technology, we know different.
But I think that the
question is a valid one.
And I don't know the
answer, because they've
got people embedded everywhere,
Mars, Germans, and the Cabal.
Some of them don't even know
they're working for them.
>> My question is
regarding the mind wipe.
Does that work for dreams?
Like say, for instance, I'm
dreaming of some of the planets
that you were talking about.
Does that-- I mean, how
does the mind wipe work?
>> The mind wipe, it's kind of
a misnomer, the terminology.
It's actually a mind
memory isolation.
They lock it away.
Global consciousness
means that you
can tap into the Akashic records
to gain access to information.
Or it's your own experiences
that you're recalling
that have been locked away.
And that's part
of the journey, is
to determine which
part of that it is
and putting those pieces
of the puzzle together.
>> Thank you.
>> Sure.
OK.
>> Thank you so much, Jason.
>> Thank you everybody,
I appreciate it.
Thank you.